docs: improve readme tests section (#2380)
ory/hydra: README.md

- Regular tests (do require PostgreSQL, MySQL, CockroachDB)
- End to end tests (do require databases and will use a test browser)

All of the above tests can be run using the makefile. See the commands below.

**Makefile commands**

    # quick tests
    make quicktest

    # regular tests
    make test
    test-resetdb

    # end-to-end tests

>     make e2e

Reviewer: We usually use the fenced (backticks) codeblocks instead.

##### Short Tests

It is recommended to use the make file to run your tests using `make quicktest`
, however, you can still use the `go test` command.

**Please note**:

> Running quick tests will use the sqlite database
> thus add `-tags sqlite` when building the binary.

Reviewer: Even the full tests run against sqlite and require the tag.
```suggestion
All tests run against an sqlite in-memory database,
thus it is required to use the `-tags sqlite` build tag.
```

Short tests run fairly quickly. You can either test all of the code at once:

```shell script
go test -v -failfast -short -tags sqlite ./...
```

or test just a specific module:

```shell script

> cd client; go test -v -failfast -short -tags sqlite .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go test -v -failfast -short -tags sqlite ./client
```
